CountersAndLists in Reference Documentation (#3529)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Reference/gameserverallocation.md

Reviewer: Add below suggested code after (and inline with) "metadata".

```
  # [Stage:Alpha]
  # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]
  # The first Priority on the array of Priorities is the most important for sorting. The allocator will
  # use the first priority for sorting GameServers by available Capacity in the Selector set. Acts as a
  # tie-breaker after sorting the game servers by State and Strategy Packed. Impacts which GameServer
  # is checked first. Optional.
  # priorities:
  # - type: List  # Whether a Counter or a List.
  #   key: rooms  # The name of the Counter or List.
  #   order: Ascending  # "Ascending" lists smaller available capacity first.
  # [Stage:Alpha]
  # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]
  # Counter actions to perform during allocation. Optional.
  # counters:
  #   rooms:
  #     action: increment # Either "Increment" or "Decrement" the Counter’s Count.
  #     amount: 1 # Amount is the amount to increment or decrement the Count. Must be a positive integer.
  #     capacity: 5 # Amount to update the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max int64.
  # List actions to perform during allocation. Optional.
  # lists:
  #   players:
  #     addValues: # appends values to a List’s Values array. Any duplicate values will be ignored
  #       - x7un
  #       - 8inz
  #     capacity: 40 # Updates the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max 1000.
  ```

Reviewer: Under "`selectors` is an ordered list of..." add:

```
  - `matchLabels` is a map of {key,value} pairs. A single {key,value} in the matchLabels map is equivalent to an element
    of matchExpressions, whose key field is "key", the operator is "In", and the values array contains only "value".
    The requirements are ANDed. Optional.
  - `matchExpressions` is a list of label selector requirements. The requirements are ANDed. Optional.
  - `gameServerState` GameServerState specifies which State is the filter to be used when attempting to retrieve a
    GameServer via Allocation. Defaults to "Ready". The only other option is "Allocated", which can be used in
    conjunction with label/annotation/player selectors to retrieve an already Allocated GameServer.
  - `counters` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) enables filtering based on game server Counter status, such as
    the minimum and maximum number of active rooms. This helps in selecting game servers based on their current activity
    or capacity. Optional.
  - `lists` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) enables filtering based on game server List status, such as allowing
    for inclusion or exclusion of specific players. Optional.
```

      # label/annotation/player selectors to retrieve an already Allocated GameServer.
      gameServerState: Ready
      # [Stage:Alpha]

>       # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]

Reviewer 2: @Kalaiselvi84 just gently bumping these updates as well please.

      # Counts and Lists provides the configuration for generic (player, room, session, etc.) tracking features.
      # Commented out since Alpha, and disabled by default
      # counters:
      #   players:
      #     minAvailable: 1

>       #     maxAvailable: 10

Reviewer 2: Forgot to mention that the changes we make here, we will also want to replicate in the `/exmaples/gameserverallocation.yaml` file as well please.

      # label/annotation/player selectors to retrieve an already Allocated GameServer.
      gameServerState: Ready
      # [Stage:Alpha]
      # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]
      # counters: # selector for counter current values of a GameServer count
      #   rooms:
      #     minCount: 1 # minimum value. Defaults to 0.
      #     maxCount: 5 # maximum value. Defaults to max(int64)
      #     minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
      #     maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to max(int64)
      # lists:
      #   players:

>       #     countainsValue: "x6k8z" # only match GameServers who has this value in the list. Defaults to "", which is all.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      #     containsValue: "x6k8z" # only match GameServers who has this value in the list. Defaults to "", which is all.
```

      # label/annotation/player selectors to retrieve an already Allocated GameServer.
      gameServerState: Ready
      # [Stage:Alpha]
      # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]
      # priorities:
      #   counters: # selector for counter current values of a GameServer count
      #     rooms:
      #       minCount: 1 # minimum value. Defaults to 0.
      #       maxCount: 5 # maximum value. Defaults to max(int64)
      #       minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
      #       maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to max(int64)
      #   lists:
      #     players:
      #       containsValue: "x6k8z" # only match GameServers who has this value in the list. Defaults to "", which is all.
      #       minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
      #       maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to 0, which translates to max(int64)

>       #

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      # counters: # (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) Counter actions to perform during allocation.
      #   rooms:
      #     action: increment # Either “Increment” or “Decrement” the Counter’s Count.
      #     amount: 1 # Amount is the amount to increment or decrement the Count. Must be a positive integer.
      #     capacity: 5 # Amount to update the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max int64.
      # lists: # (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) List actions to perform during allocation.
      #   players:
      #     addValues: # appends values to a List’s Values array. Any duplicate values will be ignored
      #       - x7un
      #       - 8inz
      #     capacity: 40 # Updates the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max 1000.
      # 
```

Please add this in (this was the actions mentioned previously) - and also make sure it shows up in the field description section below.

@igooch did I mess anything up there?

      # label/annotation/player selectors to retrieve an already Allocated GameServer.
      gameServerState: Ready
      # [Stage:Alpha]
      # [FeatureFlag:CountsAndLists]

>       # priorities:
>       #   counters: # selector for counter current values of a GameServer count
>       #     rooms:
>       #       minCount: 1 # minimum value. Defaults to 0.
>       #       maxCount: 5 # maximum value. Defaults to max(int64)
>       #       minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
>       #       maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to max(int64)
>       #   lists:
>       #     players:
>       #       containsValue: "x6k8z" # only match GameServers who has this value in the list. Defaults to "", which is all.
>       #       minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
>       #       maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to 0, which translates to max(int64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # counters: # selector for counter current values of a GameServer count
      #   rooms:
      #     minCount: 1 # minimum value. Defaults to 0.
      #     maxCount: 5 # maximum value. Defaults to max(int64)
      #     minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
      #     maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to max(int64)
      # lists:
      #   players:
      #     containsValue: "x6k8z" # only match GameServers who has this value in the list. Defaults to "", which is all.
      #     minAvailable: 1 # minimum available (current capacity - current count). Defaults to 0.
      #     maxAvailable: 10 # maximum available (current capacity - current count) Defaults to 0, which translates to max(int64)
```

>       #   counters: # (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) Counter actions to perform during allocation.
>       #     rooms:
>       #       action: increment # Either "Increment" or "Decrement" the Counter’s Count.
>       #       amount: 1 # Amount is the amount to increment or decrement the Count. Must be a positive integer.
>       #       capacity: 5 # Amount to update the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max int64.
>       #   lists: # (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) List actions to perform during allocation.
>       #     players:
>       #       addValues: # appends values to a List’s Values array. Any duplicate values will be ignored
>       #         - x7un
>       #         - 8inz
>       #       capacity: 40 # Updates the maximum capacity of the Counter to this number. Min 0, Max 1000.
>       # 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      mode: deathmatch
    annotations:
      map:  garden22

>       # [Stage:Alpha]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # [Stage:Alpha]
```

  cluster. See [Scheduling and Autoscaling]({{< ref "/docs/Advanced/scheduling-and-autoscaling.md" >}}) for more details.
- `metadata` is an optional list of custom labels and/or annotations that will be used to patch
  the game server's metadata in the moment of allocation. This can be used to tell the server necessary session data

> - `CountsAndLists` has two key elements for game server allocation process.
>   - `counters` allows setting limits on game server, such as the minimum and maximum number of active rooms. This helps in selecting game servers based on their current activity or capacity.
>   - `lists` enables game server allocation based on specific player lists, allowing for inclusion or exclusion of specific players.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - `counters` (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) allows setting limits on game server, such as the minimum and maximum number of active rooms. This helps in selecting game servers based on their current activity or capacity.
  - `lists` (Alpha, CountsAndLists feature flag) enables game server allocation based on specific player lists, allowing for inclusion or exclusion of specific players.
```

Also these new property values will need to have `feature` shortcodes please as well everywhere.

  cluster. See [Scheduling and Autoscaling]({{< ref "/docs/Advanced/scheduling-and-autoscaling.md" >}}) for more details.
- `metadata` is an optional list of custom labels and/or annotations that will be used to patch
  the game server's metadata in the moment of allocation. This can be used to tell the server necessary session data

>   - `priorities` (Alpha, requires `CountsAndLists` feature flag) manages counters and lists for game servers, setting limits on room counts and player inclusion/exclusion.
>     - `counters` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) allows setting limits on game server, such as the minimum and maximum number of active rooms. This helps in selecting game servers based on their current activity or capacity.
>     - `lists` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) enables game server allocation based on specific player lists, allowing for inclusion or exclusion of specific players.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `priorities` (Alpha, requires `CountsAndLists` feature flag) manages counters and lists for game servers, setting limits on
  room counts and player inclusion/exclusion.
- `counters` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) Counter actions to perform during allocation.
- `lists` (Alpha, "CountsAndLists" feature flag) List actions to perform during allocation.
```
